Dear Dr. Casillas:

Thank you again for submitting your manuscript ID LING.2023.0249 entitled "Opening open science to all: Demystifying reproducibility and transparency practices in linguistic research" to Linguistics: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the Language Sciences (LING).

Your submission has been reviewed by three experts. On the basis of the reviews the Editorial Board has decided that your manuscript cannot be accepted for publication in its present form. However, we believe that it may be eligible for publication in Linguistics if you are prepared to incorporate a number of modifications. We therefore encourage you to submit a revised version of your manuscript, taking into account the comments and suggestions found at the bottom of this e-mail and in the attached documents.

Most importantly, you fail to refer to some relevant recent literature, as pointed out by R1. We agree with R1 that this literature is important and should be taken into account. All reviewers have moreover sent us sets of more specific comments, which we invite you to take into consideration when preparing your revised manuscript.

Your revised manuscript will be reviewed by the Editorial Board. It will likely, but not necessarily, be reviewed externally again, depending on the internal assessment. Revised submissions are normally, but not necessarily, sent to the same experts that reviewed the original submission.

Please make sure to implement only changes that you are comfortable with; do not change anything just to please the reviewers. Your revised article must be accompanied by a point-by-point reply to the reviewers’ comments. If there is anything you disagree with, feel free to point this out.

We expect your submission within twelve months from now. Please highlight the changes to your manuscript within the document, e.g. by using background coloring or by tracking the changes if your software provides this functionality.

Once again, thank you for submitting your manuscript to LING. We look forward to receiving your resubmission. Below you will find technical instructions for the submission process. Please do not hesitate to contact the Editorial Office of Linguistics at linguistics@uni-jena.de if you have any questions.

Best regards,
Volker Gast
Editor in Chief, Linguistics: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the Language Sciences
